Feature/additional cli args (#30)
kedro-org/kedro-plugins: kedro-airflow/RELEASE.md

# Release 0.5.1

> * Add additional cli argument `--jinja-file` to provide custom Jinja2 Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add additional CLI argument `--jinja-file` to provide a path to a custom Jinja2 template
```

* Change the `--target-dir` to `--target-path` so a users can define directory and filename of the output

> * Change e2e behave tests to adjust for changes in pandas-iris starter (no more train node and loading from parameters instead of params:)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We don't typically put changes to things that aren't user-facing in the changelog.
